# ece422-ecryption-project

# Introduction
  In this project, we will explore the usage of a realistic Feistel block cipher in creating a secure communications channel between a server and one or more clients. You are to create a file server program that receives requests for filenames over a socket, and passes that file to the requesting client. However, these requests and responses are to be kept secure by encrypting them using the Tiny Encryption Algorithm (TEA) cipher.

# Client Side
  The client program will be written in Java, and will request filenames from a user. The client will first establish a socket connection with the server (for simplicity, the server should run on the same machine) using port 16000. The client must then negotiate a shared TEA key with the server; Java 8 provides the KeyGenerator and KeyAgreement classes to create and securely exchange keys, respectively. C code for the encryption and decryption routines of TEA will be provided on the course Moodle page; you are to take these C routines, and interface them with your Java code using JNI. The client will then authenticate itself to the server by sending a user ID and password (presumed already stored) over the encrypted link. When the server returns an acknowledgement signal, the client begins sending file retrieval requests to the server. Each filename should be encrypted before it is sent, using TEA. Once each filename is encrypted, it is sent to the server, which will respond with either an acknowledgement followed by the requested file, or with a “file not found” error. The acknowledgement and file error signals are also encrypted, as is the file itself. Once the whole file has been received, the client must then decrypt it. When the user indicates that not more files are to be requested, the client sends an encrypted “finished” signal, and terminates.

# Server Side
  The server will be written in Java, and be able to service multiple clients at one time; this means that a new thread must be spawned for each socket connection (Hint: the ServerSocket and Socket classes in java.net). The server will keep a standard shadow password file, with all passwords hashed and salted (you may use a different encryption routine from TEA for the password hash if you wish, but you must document this in your code and design report. The actual communication with the client must of course be via TEA.) When a client sends its user ID and password, the server must check the shadow file for a match. The server will then send an encrypted access-granted or access-denied message, and wait for a filename to be sent. If the requested file is stored in the server’s directory, an encrypted acknowledgement is first sent, and then the file is encrypted and sent to the client. If the file is not found, the server sends an encrypted error message. The server thread terminates when it receives the encrypted “finished” message. Design Requirements You are to submit a UML class diagram and UML sequence diagrams for each of the following three use cases: Authentication failure, File not found error, Successful file download.
